README.md, before:

### The Zodiac Wheel Game

Spin the Wheel and Learn More about the Chinese Zodiac Animals

### Group Members

- Evan Deal
- Ivy Ditzenberger
- Andrea Godsey
- Mychal Wood

### Web App Link

https://something.vercel.app

### Category & Topic

- **Category:** Culture and Traditions / Education
- **Topic:** Chinese New Years Zodiac's

### Project Summary

This project will showcase multiple endangered animals and force players to make the animals fight until one is extinct. After an animal is extinct the users will be informed of the impact on the ecosystem for that now extinct animal. We chose to project to emphasize the impact of potential extinction of endangered animals.

### IoT Structure and Responsibilities

This section will break down the ciruit system(s) needed, server data, api endpoints, and data visualization of the project, specifying which team members are responsible for each section:

1. **Research/Front-End Design**

   - Description: Conducts research on the zodiac signs and creates/plans the design of the wheel as well as other front-end elements of the site.
   - Responsible: {Andrea Godsey}

2. **Coding the Wheel to Land on an Animal**

   - Description: Where users can view and edit their profile information.
   - Responsible: {Team Member Name}

3. **Coding the Pop-Up Information when a person lands on an Animal**

   - Description: Where users can send contact messages to the site admins.
   - Responsible: {Team Member Name}

4. **Adding neccessary information to each Pop-Up**
   - {Repeat this pattern for other pages of the app}

### Sources Cited

This section will list any places where you pulled information from to generate content for your site. If an LMS was used then put you prompt below the link.

- [Google Gemini (AI tool)](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+do+pandas+fight&sca_esv=a07f0383584960a3&rlz=1C5GCEM_enUS1122US1122&sxsrf=ADLYWIJRPyuYe-vUBgqgySAy_w1Cysrx4A%3A1731531506874&ei=8hI1Z7OFNailptQPy5WrkAE&ved=0ahUKEwizxonDmdqJAxWokokEHcvKChIQ4dUDCA8&uact=5&oq=how+do+pandas+fight&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiE2hvdyBkbyBwYW5kYXMgZmlnaHQyBRAAGIAEMgYQABgWGB4yBhAAGBYYHjIGEAAYFhgeMgYQABgWGB4yBhAAGBYYHjIGEAAYFhgeMgYQABgWGB4yBhAAGBYYHjIGEAAYFhgeSJIuUKEOWMUtcAV4AZABAJgBfKAB8wyqAQQxNS41uAEDyAEA-AEBmAIZoALRDagCFMICChAAGLADGNYEGEfCAgoQIxiABBgnGIoFwgITEC4YgAQYxwEYJxiKBRiOBRivAcICCxAAGIAEGJECGIoFwgIKEC4YgAQYQxiKBcICEBAAGIAEGLEDGEMYgwEYigXCAg4QLhiABBixAxjRAxjHAcICCxAAGIAEGLEDGIMBwgIEECMYJ8ICChAAGIAEGEMYigXCAgsQLhiABBjRAxjHAcICCxAuGIAEGLEDGIMBwgIHECMYJxjqAsICFBAAGIAEGJECGLQCGIoFGOoC2AEBwgIUEAAYgAQY4wQYtAIY6QQY6gLYAQHCAg4QABiABBixAxiDARiKBcICCBAAGIAEGLEDwgIIEAAYFhgKGB7CAgsQABiABBiGAxiKBcICCBAAGIAEGKIEmAMIiAYBkAYHugYGCAEQARgBkgcEMjAuNaAH_7EB&sclient=gws-wiz-serp)
"How do polar bears fight"
- [How to Do the Crab Walk](https://www.beachbodyondemand.com/blog/crab-walk-exercise#:~:text=Only%20your%20palms%20and%20the,%2C%E2%80%9D%20says%20Trevor%20Thieme%2C%20C.S.C.S.)
- [Text for Source](linkForSource)

Commit message:

added my name to responsibilites list and added a new summary

README.md, after:

### The Zodiac Wheel Game

Spin the Wheel and Learn More about the Chinese Zodiac Animals

### Group Members

- Evan Deal
- Ivy Ditzenberger
- Andrea Godsey
- Mychal Wood

### Web App Link

https://something.vercel.app

### Category & Topic

- **Category:** Culture and Traditions / Education
- **Topic:** Chinese New Years Zodiac's

### Project Summary

This project will showcase a digital wheel that displays Chinese New Years Zodiac animals. The user can spin the wheel by pressing buttons on the breadboard. After the wheel spins, it will stop on a certain animal, causing an alert to pop up, allowing the user to read about said animal.

### IoT Structure and Responsibilities

This section will break down the ciruit system(s) needed, server data, api endpoints, and data visualization of the project, specifying which team members are responsible for each section:

1. **Research/Front-End Design**

   - Description: Conducts research on the zodiac signs and creates/plans the design of the wheel as well as other front-end elements of the site.
   - Responsible: {Andrea Godsey}

2. **Coding the Wheel to Land on an Animal**

   - Description: Where users can view and edit their profile information.
   - Responsible: {Team Member Name}

3. **Coding the Pop-Up Information when a person lands on an Animal**

   - Description: Coding alerts/pages for zodiac information for each animal on the wheel
   - Responsible: {Ivy Ditzenberger}

4. **Adding neccessary information to each Pop-Up**
   - {Repeat this pattern for other pages of the app}

### Sources Cited

This section will list any places where you pulled information from to generate content for your site. If an LMS was used then put you prompt below the link.

- [Google Gemini (AI tool)](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+do+pandas+fight&sca_esv=a07f0383584960a3&rlz=1C5GCEM_enUS1122US1122&sxsrf=ADLYWIJRPyuYe-vUBgqgySAy_w1Cysrx4A%3A1731531506874&ei=8hI1Z7OFNailptQPy5WrkAE&ved=0ahUKEwizxonDmdqJAxWokokEHcvKChIQ4dUDCA8&uact=5&oq=how+do+pandas+fight&gs_lp=Egxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAiE2hvdyBkbyBwYW5kYXMgZmlnaHQyBRAAGIAEMgYQABgWGB4yBhAAGBYYHjIGEAAYFhgeMgYQABgWGB4yBhAAGBYYHjIGEAAYFhgeMgYQABgWGB4yBhAAGBYYHjIGEAAYFhgeSJIuUKEOWMUtcAV4AZABAJgBfKAB8wyqAQQxNS41uAEDyAEA-AEBmAIZoALRDagCFMICChAAGLADGNYEGEfCAgoQIxiABBgnGIoFwgITEC4YgAQYxwEYJxiKBRiOBRivAcICCxAAGIAEGJECGIoFwgIKEC4YgAQYQxiKBcICEBAAGIAEGLEDGEMYgwEYigXCAg4QLhiABBixAxjRAxjHAcICCxAAGIAEGLEDGIMBwgIEECMYJ8ICChAAGIAEGEMYigXCAgsQLhiABBjRAxjHAcICCxAuGIAEGLEDGIMBwgIHECMYJxjqAsICFBAAGIAEGJECGLQCGIoFGOoC2AEBwgIUEAAYgAQY4wQYtAIY6QQY6gLYAQHCAg4QABiABBixAxiDARiKBcICCBAAGIAEGLEDwgIIEAAYFhgKGB7CAgsQABiABBiGAxiKBcICCBAAGIAEGKIEmAMIiAYBkAYHugYGCAEQARgBkgcEMjAuNaAH_7EB&sclient=gws-wiz-serp)
  "How do polar bears fight"
- [Text for Source](linkForSource)
